Add Jobs section (#2141)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/jobs.md

# Hugging Face Jobs

<!-- STRETCH TABLES -->

> Hugging Face Jobs let you run compute tasks on Hugging Face infrastructure without managing any infrastructure. Simply define a command, a Docker image, and a hardware flavor (CPU, GPU, or TPU).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hugging Face Jobs let you run compute tasks on Hugging Face infrastructure without managing it yourself. Simply define a command, a Docker image, and a hardware flavor among various CPU and GPU options.
```

I don't think we support TPUs any more, do we?

Jobs are ideal for:
- **Model training & fine-tuning** on GPUs without local setup
- **Synthetic data generation** using LLMs
- **Batch inference** on large datasets

> - **Data processing** with high-CPU configurations

Author: yes good idea

You can run jobs via the `hf jobs` CLI or the Python API, schedule recurring jobs with CRON expressions, and pay only for the seconds you use.

> [!TIP]
> Jobs are available to [Pro users](https://huggingface.co/pro) and [Team or Enterprise organizations](https://huggingface.co/enterprise).

**For usage guides and API reference, see the [Jobs documentation](https://huggingface.co/docs/jobs).**

## Pricing

Jobs are billed per minute based on the hardware used. Below are the available hardware options and their pricing.

### CPU

| **Hardware**           | **CPU**       | **Memory**   | **Hourly Price**  |
|----------------------- |-------------- |------------- | ----------------- |

> | CPU Basic              | 2 vCPU        | 16 GB        | Free              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| CPU Basic              | 2 vCPU        | 16 GB        | $0.01             |
```

Wasn't this changing? https://github.com/huggingface-internal/moon-landing/pull/16071

| Nvidia T4 - small      | 4 vCPU        | 15 GB        | 16 GB           | $0.40             |
| Nvidia T4 - medium     | 8 vCPU        | 30 GB        | 16 GB           | $0.60             |
| 1x Nvidia L4           | 8 vCPU        | 30 GB        | 24 GB           | $0.80             |
| 4x Nvidia L4           | 48 vCPU       | 186 GB       | 96 GB           | $3.80             |
| 1x Nvidia L40S         | 8 vCPU        | 62 GB        | 48 GB           | $1.80             |
| 4x Nvidia L40S         | 48 vCPU       | 382 GB       | 192 GB          | $8.30             |
| 8x Nvidia L40S         | 192 vCPU      | 1534 GB      | 384 GB          | $23.50            |
| Nvidia A10G - small    | 4 vCPU        | 15 GB        | 24 GB           | $1.00             |
| Nvidia A10G - large    | 12 vCPU       | 46 GB        | 24 GB           | $1.50             |
| 2x Nvidia A10G - large | 24 vCPU       | 92 GB        | 48 GB           | $3.00             |
| 4x Nvidia A10G - large | 48 vCPU       | 184 GB       | 96 GB           | $5.00             |
| Nvidia A100 - large    | 12 vCPU       | 142 GB       | 80 GB           | $2.50             |

> You can also retrieve available hardware and pricing programmatically via the API at `GET /api/jobs/hardware`.

Reviewer: `/api/jobs/hardware` is still not live, is it?
